:D::It’s a rather spectacular garden. There’s assortments of spectacular flowers and plants surrounding man made ponds where there are birds playing around in the water.
:D::This particular botanical garden has buildings made in different geometric shaped biomes.
:D::But since it’s the cusp of summer, the air is warm and the garden’s staff have made an effort to get people walking around outside.
:D:Jordan is sitting on a bench by the pond, and she’s got a book in her hands but she’s not reading it when the player finally calls out to her. She looks pretty ragged, sort of exhausted.)
:D:Jordan: I was wondering when you’d get here.
:D:Player: Took some time to smell the flowers on the way. Did you see the pagoda on the way in?
:D:Jordan: I think they had that same one on the other end of the garden last year. Still pretty though.
:D:Player: That we can agree on. So what happened? You okay?
:?:Jordan: Yeah, I’m fine. Just wanted to enjoy a day at the gardens with a friend. Is that not allowed?
	It’s not the strangest thing I’ve been asked to do.
	The invitation was sort of out of the blue.:invitation

:D:Jordan: Well I’m glad you came out and joined me. 
:D:Player: I didn’t even know about this garden until you told me to come out here.
:D:Jordan: It’s pretty, isn’t it?
:+:R:1
:>:Continue

invitation:D:Jordan: It was, wasn’t it?
:D:Player: I’m just not the type to want to go out and do something suddenly. I like plans, even if it was a day in advance.
:D:Jordan: You don’t need to make excuses. It’s all right. I’m just glad you’re here now. 
:+:r:1

Continue:D:Jordan: It gets lonely being at a botanical garden by yourself y’know. It’s nice to have company every once in a while.
Player: I bet you say that to all the guys. 
Jordan: Just the ones I like. 
	You want to go into that more?
	What’s really going on Jordan?:Really

:?:Jordan: What’s there to say? 
	It just sounds like there’s something you’re trying to say but you won’t say it.
	Never mind. I thought you were trying to say something else but I got what you mean.:Nevermind

:D:Jordan: Ah, forget it. It sounds like we’re in some poorly constructed visual novel or something.
:D:Player: You said it, not me.
:+:r:1
:>:Continue

Really:D:Jordan: What’re you talking about?
:D:Player: You asked me to come out here. Why?
:?:Jordan: I told you why. 
	I’m just not convinced is all. You’ve never invited someone out the day of and several hours before the meeting.
	You know you can talk to me, right? I’m just worried you’re trying to hide something and don’t want to talk about it.:Talk

:D:Jordan: I can’t just jump into it suddenly. At least let me be comfortable.
:D:Player: All right. Just, talk to me, okay? 
:+:re:1
:>:Continue

Talk:D:Jordan: Well it’s not like that. Really.
:D:Player: Just, remember I’m here for you. If you want to talk, just talk. 
:+:RE:1
:>:Continue

Nevermind:D:Jordan: Thanks. I’m glad you at least know me enough to understand me.
:D:Player: I’d be a shame to not after all these years.
:+:R:1

Continue:?:Jordan: I always love it out here. It’s so…
	Quiet?
	Peaceful?
	Boring?
:D:Jordan: I was going to say serene. It’s just a place that’s easy for me to relax in. 
:D:Player: I can see that. It really is peaceful.
:D:Jordan: It’s hard to unwind anywhere else. 
:D:Player: Not even at home?
:?:Jordan: Not even at home. Dad’s gotten sick, and home just sounds like his respirator.
	What do you mean?
	What happened?:What

:D:Player: What do you mean “sick”? He was fine last time I saw him.
:D:Jordan: That’s the thing. The doctors don’t know what it is either. 
:D:Player: That’s awful.
:+:G:2
:?:Jordan: And the best part? They’re making me isolate from him because they don’t know where he got infected from.
	What?!
	It’s more for you than him.:More

:D:Player: That’s really stupid. You’re his daughter, there’s no way you’d be the one to infect him.	
:D:Jordan: I know right? Like, I didn’t go anywhere infectious, so I don’t have the first clue as to where he picked it up from.
:D:Player: Shouldn’t the doctors be more worried about how to treat him?
:D:Jordan: They are. They’re working on it.
:+:R:1
:+:g:2
:>:Continue

What:D:Player: What’s wrong with him?
:+:G:1
:?:Jordan: Don’t know. He’s infected with something, but the doctors don’t know, and he’s looking worse by the day. 
	Are you okay?
	Will you be okay?:Will

:D:Player: You doing all right?
:D:Jordan: Yeah? No. I don’t know. 
:+:RE:2

Will:D:Player: I’m sure your dad will get better.
:D:Jordan: Eventually, yeah. 
:+:GE:2
:>:Continue

More:D:Player: I’m sure they’re only thinking about your safety when they say that.
:D:Jordan: MY safety?
:D:Player: What if you catch whatever your father has? 
:D:Jordan: I can’t leave my father like that.
:D:Player: Then who’s going to take care of you? Me? Your dad?
:+:R:1
:+:G:2

Continue:D:Jordan: Want to go for a walk? Take in more of the scenery?
:D:Player: Sure. 
:D::The player and Jordan arrive on a wooden arch bridge that goes over a small manmade stream that flows underneath.
:D::There are a lot of clouds in the sky, and waving in the breeze are assortments of different coloured flowers.
:D:Player: Besides your dad getting sick, how’s he been doing? I know having to raise you was a tough job in and of itself.
:?:Jordan: He got himself a girlfriend.
	Sly old dog!

:D:Player: Good for him! Is she a keeper?
:D:Jordan: She sure seems to think so. 
:D:Player: Is she really that bad? 
:+:r:1
:+:e:2
:?:Jordan: She’s like a leech, or a tapeworm. I keep trying to tell him, but he just doesn’t see it.
	No one deserves to be called a parasite Jordan.
	If she’s as bad as you say, she really should leave.:Leave

Jordan: Some people do. 
Player: I don’t-
:+:E:2
:?:Jordan: Especially if they start splitting your household and alienate your father.
	You’re imagining things.
	People are the worst.:Worst

:D:Player: There’s no way anyone intentionally decides to do something like that.
:D:Jordan: You let yourself be naïve like that and tragedy’ll strike you soon I swear. People are evil creatures. Behind every nice smelling perfume and pearly white smiles, is a soul as evil as they come. 
:D:Player: Not all people are like that. Look at us, or Scott or Sarah. We’re not evil.
:+:E:2
:>:Continue

Worst:D:Jordan: Exactly! I wish she’d never come into our lives. 
:D:Player: What does she try to do usually? 
:D:Jordan: Picks out things to argue about, or makes comments on the way I dress and act. 
:+:r:2
:+:E:1
:>:Continue

Leave:D:Jordan: Thank you. Finally, someone gets it. 
:D:Player: Granted, I don’t know anything about her, other than what you’re saying. 
:+:R:1
:+:e:2
:?:Jordan: I’m not one to lie about this kind of thing.
	I would hope not.
	I believe you.:Believe

:D:Player: If you are, I’d be incredibly disappointed.
:>:Continue

Believe:D:Player: I know you wouldn’t. It’d be a scummy thing to do.

Continue:D:Jordan: Worst thing is, is she’s trying to prevent me from even being in contact with my dad. 
:D:Player: WHAT?!
:D:Jordan: Shitty, right? 
:D:Player: How is she even getting away with that?
:D:Jordan: I’m not home a lot, and she’s used that as an excuse to further distance the two of us. 
:D:Player: I can see how that would work as an excuse. 
:?:Jordan: What if he dies and I can’t see him anymore? 
	Don’t think like that!
	It’ll be alright:Alright

:D:Player: That’s a really morbid thing to say.
:+:eg:2
:>:Continue

Alright:D:Player: I’m sure it won’t come to that.
:+:EG:2


Continue:D:Jordan: But I can’t afford to not think about it.
:D:Jordan:You’re not in my house, listening to him hack and cough up a lung every night.
:D:Jordan:What if he dies in the middle of the night when Margaret and I are asleep?
:D:Jordan:What if he dies when I’m out at work, or getting groceries?
:D:Jordan:What if he gets hospitalized and dies when the doctors don’t let anyone see him?! 
:D:Player: Jordan.
:?:Jordan: What?!
	You need to take a breath
	Everything’s going to be fine.:Fine

:D:Player: I know you’re stressed out, but you really ought to think about everything logically.
:D:Player: Your dad is just sick, and as much as you think he’s not doing well, or as distant as he may be, you’re still his daughter.
:D:Player:Nothing’s going to change that, not even some toxic lady who’s walked into your life. 
:D:Jordan: Then what should I do?
:D:Player: Get some PPE, take every precaution, and don’t let your dad’s girlfriend dictate how you, his own flesh and blood, can interact with your own damn father. 
:+:G:3
:>:Continue

Fine:D:Player: I know it doesn’t seem like it now, but things will get better.
:D:Player: The doctors will figure out what is wrong with your dad, and he’ll get better.
:D:Player: The important thing here is to stay as close as you can to your dad.
:D:Player: Take every precaution you can, but just be there for him. Make sure he knows you love him, and that’s all that matters. 
:D:Jordan: Glass half full, huh?
:D:Player: Glass half full. That’s what you need to do. 
:+:G:3

Continue:D:Jordan: I’m glad you came out here. 
:D:Player: You weren’t kidding when you said the flowers here were pretty.
:D:Jordan: You know I don’t lie.
:D:Player: You really don’t.
:D:: The Player and Jordan simply stare out into the garden, watching the clouds roll through and the flowers sway in the breeze for the rest of the day.
